{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw16840\paperh23820\margl1440\margr1440\vieww5720\viewh14740\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The story of saggy breaking up\
\ulnone \
She felt needy. But She could not comprehend that feeling. This was outside of her reality. The moment he walked out of the room she started to miss him. But not in a way of touching. She wanted to grab him or rather that he grabs her. She wanted to fall like a dream from her childhood. Press my play button and never wake me up. The pull towards you crushes me into a diamond. When she realized she was whispering she went downstairs and got herself a drink. 1 part gin, 1 part white wine, 1 part aspirin. After the sixth she passes out on the floor. White wine is good for your health. And gin strengthens your immune system. And aspirin thins your blood. She drives to the store and gets the friday night party packet. A glass of olives, 1 kg of ground beaf, cool whip, red wine, 1 chili, 2 paprikas, garlic, an onion and 4 tomatoes( the last 3 make up the sauce). You can add cheese just as you like. Cheddar, mozzarella and gouda.\
Partying alone on a friday night is no fun so you should bring some graze. Choose a movie that has no violence in it. Smoke, eat, sleep. If I want him when I leave him and I want do die right now. Maybe I should want to live and everything will work out.\'a0\
Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me.\
One morning she woke up to find herself being blind, deaf and thus couldn't hear that she could only say two words. It was saturday. The short escapade should last until tuesday in one week. It was enough time for entropy to get rid of all of her friends, make her parents leave her after trying to exorcize her and her ex to fall in love with her. Just to make her realize she was the reborn jesus. Because she is a woman she will be cruzified. We have evidence that she is not the newborn christ: She is a woman.\'a0\
While being cruzified she transformed into light beams that came out of her limbs. The lights beams shoot through the people that stand close and kills them. \
\

\i Cut\

\i0 \
I will forgive you. Good, said Lloyd, then I will give it to you.\
\
Hey.\
Hey What are you doing here?\
I have a job here for the summer break.\
Cool. Where?\
In the anal bleaching place near mcdonald's\
Nice. That was always your plan b right?\
Yes :) I will try to find out if I should really go for it or not.\'a0\
Cool maybe we see us there\
Yeah. I Sure hope to see you there.\'a0\
I have to go. Bye\
Bye\
\
\ul Realistic crime show\
\ulnone \
There is a dead body in a house. In front of it 2 officers.\'a0\
"Wow this is really fucked up. I don't know what to do."\
The other one vomits.\
\
He went home and Cooked himself a burger in the microwave. The erster-gang was cookies with milk. He masturbated to random shit on the interwebz and watched a cartoon. When he realized his life is going to be this he cried. Never truly finding love while believing in it. He would always want something that is not existing. So he decided to not want anything and be an enlightened man. But that doesn't work out all the time. He is in fact a siamese twin with his dick. And his dick wants stuff big time. He gets himself a dacimacura and tries to leave the world behind. One night he has to wash the blanket of it and freaks completely out. He swallows the key to the coffs he chains him up with. Not realizing that his metabolism is bad because he eats only shit he almost starves to death. The key takes not only three days but the dacimacura in the washing machine cannot be dried so he remains in deep pain letting his loved one become a water corps basically. After he gets it out of the machine the illustration shows a rotten and crying woman. He keeps her in the cellar and only jerks off on her and does not sleep with her anymore. At some point the white crust is covering the complete illustration and he throws the thing away. He is now as strong as a mother. Having shit himself for a loved one, having horrible thoughts in the act of loving, knowing that sex and love are seperate things.\'a0\
\
\ul Externalized\
\ulnone \
I don't see tears\
I don't hear cheers\
My emotions are externalized.\
I don't love.\
I am a dove.\'a0\
My religion is externalized.\
I don't hope.\
I do drugs.\
My becoming-responsible is externalized.\
I don't feel shame.\
I can't be blamed.\
My childhood is externalized.\
I am boiling with hate.\
I'm always late.\
My masturbatory wish to live is externalized.\
\
\ul Commercial break!\
\ulnone \
This is the new drehorgel2. You turn the thing and it plays a sample. You can play anything! The sound of a screatching handle, your favorite song, the sound of you crying after a conversation with your father. It has everything you need to make your day...\
\
A dude that has sex with a pregnant cougar\
\
Der heizk\'f6rper wird zu gras und die antilopen fressen das gras und wir rauchen die antylopain.\'a0\
\
Ich bin dein patenonkel ich hab deine eltern gegessen und deswegen bin ich jetzt deine eltern.\'a0\
\
Ich wei\'df noch nich ob ich mit dir schlafen will :( k\'f6nntest du vorher vielleicht nen bisschen kimme zeigen?\
\
Eine werbung f\'fcr burr skurr eine schwedische joghurt marke. Ein mix aus zigarreten und vanille geschmack.\
\
A guy wearing a best boy T-shirt and another one wearing a best guy shirt.\'a0\
\
Wenn ein Mann gefragt wird, ob er seine gro\'dftittige Frau wirklich heiraten will. Nach dem Motto Wir gehen gemeinsam durch dick und D\'fcnn\
"Yes. She's going with me through fat and juicy."\
\
After josy leaves the armish village without being harmed he finds josys body. He completely out of coincidents goes back the path he came from. It becomes night And he needs a place to sleep. So he finds the tree house in which faggy was killed and wants to sleep in it. He fucks her like she wanted him too and burries her.\'a0\
\
End of act 1\
\
}