{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw16840\paperh23820\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh14740\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Original 14 yo\
\
A movie about me\

\f1\i \
This video has been aproved for audiences... Strong material bla. A dick comes crashing away the screen.\
\
Prolog\
\
Fade in(whispered while 3D flies through the screen.\
Josy opens the door to his room. She puts on sleeping clothes. He lies in bed. She closes his eyes\'85 music starts. A dream comes up. There is still one key greenscreened showing the sleeping josy.\
The dream shows a naked woman standing inside a hole in the ground. Around the hole people. They piss into it and throw shit into it. In the beginning the woman seems to be an innocent little girl but turns into liking it. The music starts to feedback more and more signalising the feedback loop of live making you like whats happening to you.\
\
Cut
\f0\i0 \

\f1\i Josy eats cereals in the kitchen. The radio plays the music from the dream. Josy sings a song about nothing to it.\

\f0\i0 \
	JOSY: I dance all night long.\
	Baby tonight nothing is wrong.\
	I am clean, I am strong.\
	Kiss me like a bong.\
	Let's make out in the car.\
	My place isn't far.\'a0\
	Where we are it's war.\
	I unzip you like a rar.\
	\

\f1\i \ul The day at school\
\ulnone \
He rings faggy's doorbell. Her mother opens.\

\f0\i0 \
	MOTHER: hello little Josy. Are you here to pick up little faggy?\
	JOSY: ye\
	MOTHER: faggy! It's your little friend picking you up for school.\
\

\f1\i We see faggy putting a tampon into herself.\'a0\

\f0\i0 \
	FAGGY I'm coming (in a sexual manner)\
	FAGGY jumps down the stairs.\
	FAGGY bye mum. See you after school.\
	MOTHER bye.\
	JOSY and FAGGY walk to school. FAGGY is deeply in love. JOSY seems to be on Xanax or so.\'a0\
	FAGGY have you done your homework for today?\
	JOSY na man.\
	FAGGY I get it. Hey do you also want one?\
	JOSY ye\
\

\f1\i The two are in the hallway.\

\f0\i0 \
	FAGGY okay see you later JOSY\
	JOSY thanks. You too.\
	JOSY goes into the class. It is religion time! \
\
The teacher looks like Frau Courtin (the religion and french teacher from ALS)\
	\
	TEACHER so today we are going to learn about the origin of the bible. Hey you two in the back...shut 	your dirty little whore mouths and listen up.\'a0\
	\

\f1\i Conspiracy theory time!!!\

\f0\i0 \
TEACHER The Old Testament derived from a mixture of different myths which were written in Mesopotamya. The 712 texts which were randomply picked in the local library in mysopotamia. With the help of the cut up technique rediscovered by (find this out!) some of the texts were rearranged. Others were taken and a iliterate woman would just copy symbols from the pages spread out in front of her. A literate man would then go over the written pages and try to compose sensical sentences and storys out of these mythtures as they were called back then. In a course of one week 4321 artists created the Old Testament. The text spread through the whole East and as soon as the mesopotamians heard about the success of the piece some of them who were jealous of the artists started to form a cult. They knew one thing for sure: if you have something don't give it away for free. And they had supposedly all the answers to the questions of the universe. Why does the media not want us to know?\'a0\

\f1\i \
The school kids are scared as fuck about the material and seem like they heard that santa claus is dead. Everyone starts to cry and scream stuff like "are we alone in the universe?" Everyone cries(yes the teacher too) except for little josy.\'a0\
Closeup of josys face not giving a shit.\'a0\
We see josy and faggy doing glue behind the school.\

\f0\i0 \
	FAGGY hey . Are you going to take me to paris some day?\
	JOSY sure bro.\
	FAGGY that would be so nice.\'a0\
	JOSY totally.\
	FAGGY i wish you could love me.\
	JOSY me too.\
	FAGGY but why don't you feel anything?\
	JOSY I don't know I was born like this.\
	FAGGY don't you think it has something to do with your parents being a transexual homeless... Chemist.\
	JOSY you think that chrystal hit that I got from him when I was 6 made me emotionless?\

\f1\i \
Flashback\
The FATHER in front of the TV\

\f0\i0 \
	FATHER I fucking hate this thing why can't this thing work once?\
	JOSY daddy you have to put the batteries into the...\
	FATHER shut the fuck up. You don't know what you're talking about.\'a0\

\f1\i \
While saying shut the fuck up the FATHER hits JOSY with a bag of chrystal meth he held in his other hand in which the tv remote wasn't.\'a0\

\f0\i0 \
	FAGGY no I meant the chrystal meth hit you got when you were 10\
\

\f1\i Flashback2\'a0\
FATHER and JOSY sit on the couch.\

\f0\i0 \
	FATHER son I am sorry I was a bad dad the last years. I focused on my chemistry too much and didn't 	give you enough respect. That's ehy I got you this present.\'a0\
\

\f1\i The FATHER jams a cyringe into JOSY's arm and pushes it in.\

\f0\i0 \
	JOSY oh that one. I didn't feel a change. I don't think that's the reason for anything.\
	FAGGY yeah but you wouldn't be in the position of knowing how it feels to become someone else you 	are 14\
\

\f1\i While FAGGY is talking her face turns into gore as we seee the world from JOSY's perspective.\'a0\

\f0\i0 \
	Hi(performed by josy)\
	I'm so hi what's up\
	Let the DJ turn it up\
	I am floating through the sky\
	Don't even have to try\
	All the live long day\
	I wanna stay, I wanna stay, I wanna stay\
	I feel so fly\
	Cause I am flying and hi\
	I am hi what's up little girl\
	Now I'm gonna rock your world\
	I told you that I need you and all that shit\
	Don't make me cry just get lit.\
	I got stuff to do\
	And soon some homework too\
	This shit takes me low.\
	Baby I need to go.\
	We see FAGGY dancing really high and smiling. JOSY lies face down. We fly into FAGGY's eye.\'a0\
	Sometimes it's good you didn't know you had an audience.\
	La la la la love me\
	Give me all I need.\
	I want to be your little girl.\
	I want you to rock me under my little skirt.\
	When you touch me in my dreams.\
	The air heatens up under your jeans.\
	When our hearts touch\
	I almost like it too much.\'a0\

\f1\i \
We hear a bell. The plays a melody but gets faster and turns into a school bell.\
The two go into an ice cream bar. Cut. They are the table and FAGGY pulls something out under her skirt. It's a cherry she puts on top of JOSY's ice cream. JOSY shivers.\'a0\

\f0\i0 \
	JOSY thanks.\
	FAGGY I would do anything for you.\
	JOSY brings FAGGY back home.\
	FAGGY see you tomorrow.\
	JOSY yes. Bye\
	FAGGY bye.\
	FAGGY rings the door.\'a0\
\

\f1\i JOSY in her bed. Nobody is going to explain the world to him. She does not know why she feels so attracted to nothing but things. He fills herself up with things. Licking toy cars. Maybe 120 Days of Gomorra paired with Toy Story. Except the Toys live when Josy is there.\ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
-\
\
22 Minutes\
\ulnone \
\ul Saggy's back baby!\ulnone \
\
	fagbitch: Hey Saggy! What are you doing here?\
	Saggy: Hi Faggy. I have got this internship at the analbleaching place down the street.\
	fagbitch: Wow. You always wanted to do that and now you're finally fullfilling your dream.\
	Saggy: ye.\
	fagbitch: Hey would you like to hang out with us sometime?\
	Saggy: Yes, for sure. Actually I am only free tonight for the rest of the week.\
	fagbitch: Perfect! Tonight we are going into the woods to eat some mushrooms. Would you be interested in that also?\
	Saggy: Oh definetely ye.\
	fagbitch: We start walking at 7. Just come to my house 10 minutes earlier and you'll be just fine.\
	Saggy: Will do. But now I have to get going. My lunchbreak is running out. See you later you two.\
	fagbitch: bye.\
	Saggy: bye.\
	Josy: duh.\
\
\ul Saggy & Lloyd\ulnone \
\
Josy is packing the mushrooms in a bag. fagbitch is singing a song. The doorbell rings. Fagbitch almost explodes from her throbbing happiness to see Saggy. She opens the door and\'85\
\
	Saggy: Hi faggy. I brought Lloyd. Was that cool?\
	fagbitch: for suresies. The more the merrier right? Hi Im fagbitch but my friends call me Faggy.\
	Lloyd: Hello my name is Lloyd. Pleased to meet you.\
	fagbitch: while shaking his hand. Pleased to meet you two sir. lunatic smile on her face. Okay. So let's get going then. Josy! Do you got the backpack?\
\
Josy sits on the couch boiling with hate. He can mistake faggy for an object only when he is high. That was the trip of the week where having sex wasn't a painful experience and the two are taking the only joyfull 2 minutes out of his week. He points his fingers into his mouth like a gun. The camera goes into his finger and through his head. As we travel through his head we hear screams and torture.When the bullet leaves the head we see the whole room covered in red and a pitched down scream from fagbitch: "Josy!!!"\
\
\ul The Fellowship of the rooms\ulnone \
\
The Group is walking through the Streets of Danger Town. The song plays\'85\
\
Danger Town, Oh Danger Town.\
etc. The group goes in pairs Josy with Lloyd and fagbitch with Saggy.\
While they are walking up the forest silently Lloyd wants to talk shit.\
\
	Lloyd: So in the shoe store I am working in.\
Josy sighs hardcore.\
\
	fagbitch: And how is it in San Clamdya?\
	Saggy: It is a beautiful town. There are a lot of caf\'e9s and I feel really welcome there. I found a lot of new friends.\
	fagbitch: And\'85 Do you sometimes still think about me?\
	Saggy: Yes. Do you still remember when we went hicking and we found this   ghost who made us sew shoes on his cave. And there were all these other kids sewing shoes and you had to have sex with a goat to get Chlamydias. And then go into the childrens bordel and give them the Chlamydia so that the ghost would die from them and we would all be free. And when we all left the cave together with the kids the ghost of the Chlamydia kid would chase us and would kill everyone in rage except for us two.\
	fagbitch shivering: yes.\
	Saggy: That was a crazy weekend.\
	fagbitch: Yes but what I wanted to know if you still have feelings for me. Because the moment that I saw you I realized\'85 I still have feelings for you.\
	Saggy: Oh\'85 well. Listen faggy. I am gay now\'85\
	fagbitch: Oh\'85 with tears in her eyes I am happy for you\'85that\'85that you found your\'85\
	Saggy: \'85and I think I am falling in love with Josy.\
	fagbitch: okay. wow.\
	Saggy: yeah. I know it's quite much but it's better that you know it I think.\
	fagbitch: maybe (spoken like mebe).\
\
We see the group entering the fire place where Josy and faggy came before. A giant illustration of fellatio made of ashes is visible on the floor. Everyont gathers around the fire and sits down.\
\
Josy: GAr\'a7&&%\'b4*#!Naaaa!FMop\'fc\'e4!!\
\
The small fire in the middle begins to burn.\
\
fagbitch: Does he know already?\
Saggy: No.\
\
Josy sighs super hardcore.\
\
	fagbitch: Okay. Josy! Cut the shit. Lloyd! We have a secret for you to keep. Can you pull that off?\
	Lloyd: sure. I'll promise I won't tell any soul. \
	fagbitch: Well that sounds just about right. But you have to do something so that we can believe you.\
	Lloyd: And what would that be?\
	fagbitch: You have to make a bloodpact with Josy.\
	Lloyd: Er\'85 \
\
Lloyd stands up and goes over to Josy. Josy takes a knife and cuts into his tongue. He licks the hand of Lloyd. The others clap.\
\
Lloyd: okay\'85\
\
Lloyd sits back down and Josy takes the mushrooms out of the bag. He hands the bag to fagbitch and soforth. While everyone is eating fagbitch starts singing.\
\
fagbitch: \
I wish that you would just dance with me\
I wish that you would take a chance with me\
And when our hands meet\
I can feel my heartbeat\
Shaking from your calming grace.\
\
Give me a reason to stay.\
Or the birds in the sky will take the time away.\
Give me a reason to blush.\
You know I am yours and you are my crush.\
\
Everyone flies into the sky. There are explosions in the sky of a cheering nature and warish tone. It is not clear if they are getting attacked or people are partying.\
\
	fagbitch: I don't like this. I'll go find some place where it is warm.\
	Lloyd: I'll come with.\
fagbitch sighs. both leave the sky.\
	Saggy: ye.\
	Josy: wow.\
	Saggy: Do you like Lightnings in the Sky?\
	Josy: Ye. Totally.\
	Saggy sings a song about lightnings in the sky and cum being basically the same.	Josy: That was beautiful.\
	Saggy: thx :)\
\
Lloyd and fagbitch. find a house in the trees.\
\
	fagbitch: Look over there. Maybe we can take cover in there.\
\
The two enter and find a Turntable and a couch. Lloyd plays a record, takes of his jacket and takes a seet on the couch. fagbitch takes a blanket and sits next to him.\
\
	fagbitch: So how do you know Saggy?\
	Lloyd: Oh. Er we meet on the street.\
	fagbitch: Wow. What a story. That was really interesting and showed a lot of your personality. Where did you meet your mom? Once at a swimming pool?\
\
Lloyd tries to kiss fagbitch on the forehead. She crawls toward the other end of the couch.\
\
	fagbitch: wow dude! What the fuck?\
	Lloyd: I just wanted to check if you have fever\'85 Cause you're hot.\
\
fagbitch pukes next to the couch. Lloyd approaches her. With his right hand he pushes her neck into the couch and with his left hand he pulls down her skirt.\
\
	Lloyd: Is this how you imagined it?\
\
fagbitch stares into the corner of the room. By the time the songs chorus plays fagbitch likes what she feels. By the time the song ends she is dead. While we see fagbitches face the voice from the turntable sings:\
\
	Noone will ever understand\
	What I want is not on my hands\
	The night shines bright through the window\
	It seems that I still love you but I don't know\
\
	All I ever really wanted was a touch from your heart\
	All I ever really gotten was the smell of your fart\
	Do you still believe that everything heels by time?\
	Do you finally aknowledge that all I want is for you to be mine?\
\
We see crossed out eyes in fagbitches face. The sound of a won casino game plays. Josy and Saggy fly through the night. Suddenly a beeping noise is heard.\
\
	Saggy: Oh Shit! We need to land!\
	Josy: What's wrong?\
	Saggy: I almost forgot about this. It's an electric Fusfessel.\
	Josy: What? Why did get it.\
	Saggy: Lloyd put it on my ancle. He holds me hostage.\
	Josy: Okay and you now rememebered that?\
	Saggy: Dude I am fucking eleven miles high!\
	Josy: We need to find fagbitch and leave this fukcing forest before this crazy boring dude kidnapps all of us and we have to listen to him for the rest of our lives.\
\
Josy touches the Fu\'dffessel really softly and it immediatly falls of.\
	Josy: Let's go!\
\
The two fly through the night.\
\
	Saggy: Hey. Can I tell you something?\
	Josy: For sure what is it?\
	Saggy: I already told faggy and before we meet her I wanted tell you.  woo\'85 here it comes\'85\
	Josy: what?\
	Saggy: I am in Gay Love with you.\
Meanwhile Josy sees a walking stone. He falls in Love for the first time.\
	Josy: Cool. Can you wait a sec?\
Josy walks to the Stone and starts to make out with it. It is of course Lloyd. While the two are making out like heavy.\
	Saggy: What the fuck? Josy that is Lloyd are you high? Oh yeah you are. But\'85Stop! We are looking for faggy. Have you seen her? Okay you know what?\
I am leaving you two idiots. I am going to look for her alone. Then I am going to say goodbye to her and leave this shitty town forever. Bleaching Assholes sucks big hairy donky balls.\
\
Saggy leaves the scene. The camera flies over to Lloyd and Josy. They sing a duett.\
\
	Josy: Loving for the first time\
	Lloyd: It feels almost like a crime\
	Josy: I just wish that this is not a dream.\
	Lloyd: \
\
The sun goes up slowly. The two having sexual interactions and at some point it gets visible that they are not high anymore and they stop loving each other. Both stand up, get dressed and nod for goodbye.\
\
End of Act I\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Josy enters the door to his home.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Tess: Hey Josy. Sit down. Your father left. 
\f1\i cries.
\f0\i0 \
	Josy: aww. That sucks.\
	Tess: A lot of things are going to change around here. I have to get a job and you have to get more responsible, okay?\
	Josy: 2\
	Tess: Let's go outside and get our minds off of it for a moment, okay?\
	Josy: okay.\
\

\f1\i The two walk past a pet store.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Tess: What would you say if I would get us two a little pet?\
	Josy: That would be great mommy yeah!\
\

\f1\i The two go in. After cheking out all the price tags it seems they can only afford a fish. They bring it home.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Tess: So this is our new friend. Have you thought of a name for him yet?\
	Josy: dad.\
	Tess: Yeah totally. Great idea.\
	Josy: Okay, okay. Uhm\'85 Knarf.\
	Tess: Knarf?\
	Josy: Yes.\
	Tess: Alright.\

\f1\i \
Cut: We see Josy packing his backpack in his room. Then he slides down the rainpipe and goes off the property.\
	Cut to night: Tess watches TV. The TV show is about a happy family that is just happy. The show is called 'a perfect Family'. She cries. She takes a photo of Frank an masturbates to it. The photo slips out of her hand for one second and falls into the fishbowl. She grabs the fish and rubs his mouth against her vagina. We see her from behind, sitting on the couch, masturbating against 'a perfect Family'. Josy sees this through the window in shock. He climps up the rainpipe, sits on his bed and rolls a spliff. He turns on music and smokes it. He goes downstairs to get some cornflakes\'85Josy sees the Fish in the glass.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Josy: Oh my god! Did I leave you here?\
\

\f1\i The camera blends to Josy's view. Everything is in bright Kawaii colours and he holds his vibrator in his hand.
\f0\i0 \

\f1\i First shot: Josy looks down the stairs. Fish is still fish.\
Second shot: We see a frogperspective shot against Josy grabbing the fish which is now the vibrator.\
Third shot: Portrait shot of Josy's upper body holding a wiggling vibrator and everything is Kawaii.\
While eating cornflakes he masturbates the fish against his penis. Also he is humming the melody from the first scene.\
	The next morning Tess knocks on Josy's door.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Tess: Sweetheart. Rise and Shine.\
	Josy 
\f1\i happily opening the door: 
\f0\i0 Good morning mum.\
\

\f1\i Both go down the stairs gayly. When they find the fish stomach up in the fish bowl both freeze in shock. The real Josy comes down the stairs rubbing his eyes. He stops where the hallucenated Josy stands.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Tess 
\f1\i thinking: 
\f0\i0 Did I destroy our marriage by being too demanding?\
	Josy 
\f1\i thinking: 
\f0\i0 Fuck! Did I fuck this fish to dead?\
\

\f1\i Tess stands there thinking while Josy gets his morning bowl of cereals.\
\
	
\f0\i0 Tess: I\'85er\'85will go upstairs now. And\'85You will stay here alright? See you. 
\f1\i cries and goes upstairs.
\f0\i0 \
	Josy: \'85for sure.\
\

\f1\i Josy sits at the table listening to the radio and singing to it again like in the beginning wooop.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
}